
# Contributing to the Terraform AWS EKS Jenkins X Module

This guide is for developers who want to improve the Jenkins X Terraform module.
These instructions will help you set up your development environment.

## Prerequisites
Check the Requirements section in the [README.md](./README.md)

Normally, we use the latest version of terraform.
You can download the terraform binaries [here.](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html)

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## All code changes happen through pull requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase and we use the Github Flow.

Fork the repo and create your branch from master.
Make sure your code lints.
Generate the docs.
Issue that pull request!
Report bugs using Github Issues]
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by opening a new issue here.

## Run make test to test your infrastructure after running Terraform

```shell
$ make lint      # runs the linter
```

## Adding tests
All tests are located in [the test folder](test/terraform_eks_test.go).
These tests are not running in the CI atm.

## Generating docs
We use [terraform-docs](https://terraform-docs.io/) to generate the configuration section of the module.
To generate docs (this will update the README.md), run `make docs`.
The generated docs will be automatically injected in the README.md between the comments:
```
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS # Autogenerated do not edit! -->
generated content from make docs goes here ...
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
```
Do not hand edit those sections in the README.md file.
